So how can we change the logic of our get places by users ideas.
Constant here as I said this is a totally optional approach.
Therefore we don't have to do this here but for demonstration purposes.
I want to show you this.
Now keep in mind that here down there in our deeded place constant we used populate to get access to
the enter content of a document stored in a different collection.
We used to create the property here but with the creative property which contains the idea Mongoose
can simply access the enter content of this document stored in the other collection.
And with that we can then interact with this document as we saw it here.
We were able to change for example the place property.
So that's the idea.
You get access to the enter content of the document stored in a different collection now and will get
placed by user I.D. It's the same logic.
Here we are searching the place for a specific user I.D. so the user I.D. we are providing because we
want to get back to places a specific user has stored but to display all places a user has.
We can also use this populate syntax for that.
Let me maybe comment this out here as I want to rename this variable let's name it maybe user with places
like this and now here we say that user with places is equal not to place not find but to well user
dot find by idea right.
Because here I want to look for a specific what for a specific user I.D. so the user I.D. that we send
as part of our get request.
So up here i.e. not the capital the here though.
So this is the part where we search for a specific user I.D. and with populate we can now get access
to the corresponding places a user has.
And for that we only have to access to places property as part of our populate method here.
And that said actually we can not search for a specific user I.D. and check the corresponding places.
Our error message right here is still fine.
So we can leave this one down here.
We have to change our variable name now though.
So we say whether we cannot find a user with places or whether or not places is length but user with
places dot places length.
So this is also correct here.
The last adjustment we have to make is down here in our response.
Here we now also don't use places thought map but we want to access to user with places dot places.
And with that if we save this we can quickly go to our database again.
And reloaded and here the thing is as we deleted all our places before we should create a new place
maybe for that I grab our user I.D. here and now go to postman.
So let's now quickly create a new place here.
A post request to our well known rallied in the meanwhile so slash API slash places go to the body raw.
Jason I.
And here we can now again.
And through the data title would be the Empire State Building maybe one less time
description
a very nice building.
The address will be added soon.
I just want to copy paste the create your idea first here in our creator so this one and now the address
again from google maps here.
Let's not see if this works by hitting send Yeah.
This looks good.
The place was created.
Let's now add a second placed to show you that this also works of multiple places so maybe the Madison
Square Garden or some for great events and also quickly.
The address here.
So let's also create this place looks fun.
And now we need to create a get request because I want to see whether I can get the places.
So slash API slash places.
But here it is now slash user.
And now we have to enter our user I.D..
Copy that again pasted and Nelson to get request that you can see.
Now we get all the places which are part of our user by using depopulate method.
And just to show you that this works if I would change seven to eight here then we should get an error.
Yep we could not find places for the provided DB with 7.
This is working and if I go back to our database and reloaded
you can of course also see that we have our user and now these two places in the database and that's
it actually.
With that we implemented a lot of core logic in this one with the B and Mongoose module.
Before we summarize what we learned let's quickly have a look at our old code and see if we can clean
it up a bit.